so
oh my goodness chocolate
hazelnut syrup is just something else
like what is it with sunday coffees
just hit so differently like i'm all
right
hi hello happy sunday or whatever day
is when you're watching this i'm just
gonna be taking you through
like my chill sunday reset
rest day kind of routine i never feel
sort of stressed or letting myself feel
stressed on a sunday i've just got out
of bed of course put some
comfy loungewear on made myself a coffee
i really like
this sugar-free syrup the chocolate
hazelnut one they've got loads of
flavors i'm going to try the gingerbread
one next
on some days i try and just not really
make any plans so i can just sort of do
what i feel
anyway so today's plans on anything
major
just getting on top of everything around
the house like organizing
my life my soul i'm gonna do a bit of
meal prep for next week because i have
got a busy week coming up
i actually love sundays because it's
kind of like my me day
and just getting on top of all the stuff
that i've been putting off you know or
just like the little things that don't
take that long
that you kind of leave because they're
not like the main priorities
it's an active rest day for me i'm going
to take penelope on a walk
and yeah i'll just bring you along
throughout my day first things first
let's start
by stripping my bed i always think um
whenever you've got to wash your bed
sheets it's best just starting first
thing in the morning like putting them
in because it takes a good few hours
and it like to wash and dry hello
you're a sleepy girl today do you not
want to go on your walk yet
nopey is just one whole sunday mood
literally
like a teddy bear
so i'm not obsessed with like washing
detergent smells like i experiment so
much
current fades are the bold lander and
camel pods i feel like the pods just
always make things smell a bit stronger
and then i absolutely love the lenore
spring awakening i put these in
literally everything i always kind of
add a bit more into like my bed sheets
and stuff because i love like the smell
fresh bed sheets to go with that as a
softener i use the lenore
summer breeze in any of like my white
loads of washing i always add
the vanish oxy advance like these get
rid
of every single tam stain like from and
my duvet sheets and stuff is really good
this stuff
my bedding is in the washing machine and
just notice these little babies who
really ripe bananas
and i feel like this is going to go to
waste if i don't do something with it
so i think i'm going to make some like
banana protein muffins
i'm going to use the blueberry protein
muffin recipe from
my ebook and just replace the
blueberries with the bananas
did anyone else just go on a crazy
baking hype like during quarantine
i feel like every person was making like
banana bread
like almost every day um but i haven't
really done it since
like since life has been a bit busier
i've just not found time but
i love that on a sunday and you know
like make time to make some yummy
sweet goodness and i'm just gonna put on
some like chill yoga music
i find this so therapeutic
so
so i just put the muffins in the oven
they only take like 14 to 15
minutes so i love how quick um muffins
are and
they're not like super heavy if you know
me
also i have just used the salted caramel
flavor
i haven't used this in the muffins
before the consistency of this protein
is like
thicker it's kind of like more moussey
um so this will be interesting
intervention is as you guys know i have
started working
with phd which is just the most exciting
thing
like they align so much with like myself
and i love what they're about and
everything and i've been so happy with
all their products
they've got a lot of protein flavors
that i absolutely love the flavor of
like you guys know there was literally
just one
flavor that i would just only use so
this is nice that i actually like more
flavors anyway
got my mr sheen and i'm just going to go
around everywhere
blitz most the house i wish i'm so much
better once i've just
dusted upstairs and like hoover just
tidy stuff away like just like some
clothes and stuff to go away i need to
take some towels out of the dryer just
all those little things
such a good feeling like waking up
monday morning everything's tidy like
everything's actually in its place
so i have just vacuumed everywhere and
i'm just
going all my black gloves and i've got
really good accent remotes i always make
sure i'll wear gloves when i'm cleaning
i really like this wood
floor cleaner it is an almond flavor
flavor
but it smells so nice you can get it
from asda
just had a food delivery that is
actually
looks so small in here and i'm just
thinking was that really worth it like i
could have just probably picked these up
from the shop around the corner but
anyway there were quite a few
substitutes i ordered these other
they're kind of like waffle like fins
apart from what they're called but they
substitute them for these oysters
eyes but i'm not complaining so i do
quite like these and they're about
90 calories like per one so it's like a
nice bit of volume right
vt sweet and salty just some five
percent
steak mints and vegetables i quite like
getting
people when i'm feeling lazy like the
chopped tuning thing because you just
stash them in
and just quick easy some trimmed
fine beans baby spinach for like
smoothies and stuff
got broccoli carrots some bananas
some more coffee pods these are my
favorite ever starbucks blonde roast
these taste so
good if you haven't tried them just some
whole meal pizzas for like lunches
and to go to the lunches also some
chicken hex sausages
another big box of coke zero
and then just over here i got this one
cage one kg
i'm saying kg oh zero percent fat yogurt
some almond milk and then just some
lenore things they were on offer
actually
some more kitchen roll toothpaste and
that is it just a little
top off of some bits
i've just cleaned the house and
everything oh my god i can't remember
the last time like
my desk has been this immaculate
there is not a speck of just on here now
just gonna start organizing
my week i really wanted to just mention
something that i
have been struggling with and to be
honest i feel like i've always struggled
in this area but it's only like
the past few months where i really just
tried to like work on it which is just
like
time management and organization
struggled more so ever since i've been
self-employed like the past few years
just sort of managing and scheduling my
time and i feel like
with youtube this video is like the best
example where
i've had some technical issues and i
spent like
pretty much a day filming some like some
content and stuff and then
lost everything and that is just like my
time just
out the window and it's just frustrating
and in terms of like actual youtube
videos it's quite difficult sometimes to
actually schedule
how much time a certain video will take
to film and
take to edit like the recent clothing
video i filmed that took like obviously
i was working out for a solid day
to actually edit that video was like two
days so in that sense like i feel like
i've learned a lot in terms of like
scheduling my time because
when i first started doing videos i
thought it would literally take me like
an hour or two to edit
and boy was i wrong don't get me wrong
some videos that are like shorter don't
take
as long when i've tried organizing
myself in the past like i've tried
the whole like having a million notepad
and then
just getting overwhelmed and confused so
like i've tried so many different
strategies of
just organizing myself a few my friends
that they swear by using like a planner
on their phone you know like a calendar
i prefer just having it written down so
like what i do to organize
my week in advance is i have these three
this is i keep it to three so that i
can't get confused and obviously these
two are labeled with a green sticky pad
i've got my daily to-do list
i don't go like absolutely crazy in
there i just list stuff that like is
main priority
here is like my morning journaling and
gratitude book
and then lastly just my calendar i'll
show you the format
i don't actually use this book to its
full potential like it's got so many
sections i
mainly just use it just for like the
week and so obviously it's just got my
monday tuesday wednesday
thursday sunday i just like having it
one page i've got my times and stuff
this way i can actually just open it up
like say if i'm wondering what i've gone
got on in the week
just opening up it's all on one page
whereas i really like having
a ring binder so i can just like rip off
each page yeah i feel like once you've
found what works for you it's just
life changing sunday to do i've just got
to meditate clean the house
edit sunday's video walk and
plan out my week and then i just take
off both for like my gratitude and
journaling
i just literally write three things that
i am grateful for when i do that i don't
write so like for example coffee
i wouldn't just write coffee i'd say
like coffee because
it energizes me or like something along
the lines of that and then i'll just
write down my thoughts which usually
fill up like
about a page or so depends on what's
going on and i just kind of use that as
like my brain don't just get anything
that's like on my mind
um but yeah these two things are like my
savior they come with me everywhere as
well this planner by the way is a law of
attraction planner it's got so much
stuff in it so much that it's a bit like
much but yeah i just thought i would
show you how i do my organization
ah so i've had an absolute nightmare
this afternoon
with um my camera and
sd card so i'd filmed like a load of
meal prep stuff and then when i've gone
to edit it
so that was the most frustrating thing
because i went through like my whole
meal prep um
scenario and i think i've literally got
one clip from like my other camera that
i'd used
so here is the meal prep and i don't
have any footage other than this
as i use my other camera to film this
but um i made
like a turkey spaghetti ball type thing
with pasta
and then beef meatballs and potatoes
with broccoli olives
and feta
the youtube struggles
only that's on the right memory card to
save
oh god i just have no patience
for technology today so we're just gonna
make deep anyway
just with mason now and
on the way to the gym this spa sort of
area like open like there's a pool
and like a sauna and everything that
reopened last week and mason's been
sitting but i've actually not
gone at all yet so i've brought my
swimming
costume are you serious i haven't
brought it
like in a bad i don't know because
something bad happened earlier there's
obviously a lot worse things going on i
know
but really it's just frustrating because
it was so much time that i've gone into
that content and it just disappeared and
i couldn't understand why
but i've had like some sd card issues
recently
and so i think let's do that i'm not
gonna use this one that's like a bit
faulty ever again
so at least that's resolved and it won't
it could have been worse it could have
been like imagine if it was like a few
days worth of
filming or something and these things
happen so now i've changed up my energy
and
we're just going to go have a lovely
rest of the day we're going
to our gym which has like a it's like a
spa
as well so i'm going to go over
a country called darling and i brought
two books in me so i'm gonna decide
see what i feel when we get there
town
so i'm just going to read my book for a
bit i don't think i'm going to take my
camera in because
there's no one else in there but i feel
like it'll just melt in the sticky ring
and it's gonna sit in there for a little
while and
just have a lovely time i'm gonna get a
quick shower
beforehand
so
been i ordered these i think about a
week ago
and the olaplex um number four bond
maintenance shampoo and
number five ball maintenance conditioner
and they're really expensive but so
worth it because already like after a
few washes it's got a lot more life
in it it's been so dry after like
bleaching it i'm just trying to get it
back
healthier so i'm gonna do that and then
scrub off
all my tan i use a mixture of scrubs but
to be honest like to get my tan off it's
so hard
i've always got to use like a hand scrub
or
like even a towel sometimes i don't know
if anyone else has these struggles but i
just feel like my tent
really sticks in my skin that's the plan
for dinner we've got like a turkey
chili con carne with
charcoal styled noodles
these are actually really nice and some
big massive rice
hmm
1517 in paris based on a true story
so mason tricked me um i thought there
was a delivery man
like at half eight and it was actually
your favorite delivery this is
pumpkin spice and white chocolate
i haven't tried either of these flavors
but um i normally get the bisque off
this one's quite nice it's a bit like
mangoey sneaky aren't you
nice beautiful mmm what would you rate
it out of 10
10 out of 10. anyway guys i'm going to
wrap this video up here
apologies again for the malfunction like
with my sd card
i'm never using that 41 again i really
hope you enjoyed this video and got some
like useful
little tips that you might want to try
yourself anything like that
let me know what you thought in the
comments down below i would love you to
stick around by subscribing to my
channel and i'll see you guys in the
next video